# Change log for DscResource.DocGenerator

The format is based on and uses the types of changes according to [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]

### Added

- Added cmdlet `Publish-WikiContent` that publishes the Wiki content
  generated by the cmdlet `New-DscResourceWikiPage`.
- Added build task `Publish_GitHub_Wiki_Content` that can publish content
  to a GitHub Wiki repository. This task runs the cmdlet `Publish-WikiContent`.
- Added a markdown page `Home.md` to the folder `source/WikiSource` that
  will be published to the GitHub Wiki for each PR that is merged. The
  module version number will be updated prior to pushing to the Wiki.
  This is done by the the build task `Publish_GitHub_Wiki_Content`.

### Removed

- The parameter `WikiSourcePath` was removed from the function `Copy-WikiFolder`.
- The parameter `WikiSourcePath` was removed from the function `Publish-WikiContent`.
- The parameter `WikiSourceFolderName` was removed from the build task
  `Publish_GitHub_Wiki_Content`.

### Changed

- Update the documentation style in the README.md.
- The repository is using the latest version of the module ModuleBuilder.
- The repository was pinned to use version 4.10.1 of the module Pester
  since this repository does not support Pester 5 tests yet.
- Updated `build.ps1` to be able to dogfood build tasks.
- Moved the Wiki source logic from `Publish-WikiContent` to the build task
  `Generate_Wiki_Content` to align with the other tasks that creates a
  build artifact that should be deployed. `Publish-WikiContent` no longer
  changes the build artifact during publishing. The build task 
  `Generate_Wiki_Content` now first generates documentation for any existing
  DSC resources and next it if the Wiki source folder (defaults to `WikiSource`)
  exist in the source folder all those files will be copies to the
  Wiki output folder (defaults to `output/WikiOutput`). If there is a
  markdown file called `Home.md` then any module version placeholders
  will be replaced by the built module version.
- The function `Publish-WikiContent` will no longer call the function
  `Set-WikiModuleVersion` (it is now done by the task `Generate_Wiki_Content`).
- The `Set-WikiModuleVersion` was made a public function to be able to
  use it in the build task `Generate_Wiki_Content`.

### Fixed

- Fixed issue with `New-DscResourceWikiPage` where Test-Path was case sensitive
  on Linux machines and therefore didn't find some Readme.md files.
- Minor style and documentation updates to the build tasks `Generate_Wiki_Content`
  and `Generate_Conceptual_Help`.
- Fixed example in comment-based help form cmdlet `New-DscResourceWikiPage`.
- Fixed a problem in the build task `Publish_GitHub_Wiki_Content` that
  made the Wiki output path to not shown correctly.

## [0.5.1] - 2020-05-01

### Added

- Added helper function `Split-ModuleVersion` that is required by the helper
  function `Get-BuiltModuleVersion`.

### Changed

- Replaced the helper function `Get-ModuleVersion` with the helper function
  `Get-BuiltModuleVersion`.

## [0.5.0] - 2020-03-28

### Fixed

- Fix missing documentation in the README.md for the cmdlet `New-DscResourceWikiPage`
  and the build task `Generate_Wiki_Content` ([issue #20](https://github.com/dsccommunity/DscResource.DocGenerator/issues/20)).
- The function `Get-MofSchemaObject` did not correctly create the temporary
  schema file depending on the formatting of the schema.

## [0.4.0] - 2020-02-25

### Added

- Added build tasks `Generate_Wiki_Content` (that runs the cmdlet
  `New-DscResourceWikiPage`). The build task is primarily meant to be run by
  the project [Sampler's](https://github.com/gaelcolas/Sampler) `build.ps1`.
  To make the task available for `Invoke-Build` in a repository that is based
  on [Sampler](https://github.com/gaelcolas/Sampler) add this module to
  required modules, and then in the `build.yaml` add the following.
  ```yaml
  ModuleBuildTasks:
    DscResource.DocGenerator:
      - 'Task.*'
  ```
  
### Fixed

- Fixes the build task `Generate_Conceptual_Help` to use the correct
  module version folder name for the built module path ([issue #17](https://github.com/dsccommunity/DscResource.DocGenerator/issues/17)).
- Fixes the build task `Generate_Conceptual_Help` to correctly evaluate
  the module version ([issue #21](https://github.com/dsccommunity/DscResource.DocGenerator/issues/21)).

## [0.3.0] - 2020-02-11

### Added

- Added build tasks `Generate_Conceptual_Help` (that runs the cmdlet
  `New-DscResourcePowerShellHelp`). The build task is primarily meant to
  be run by the project [Sampler's](https://github.com/gaelcolas/Sampler)
  `build.ps1`. To make the task available for `Invoke-Build` in a repository
  that is based on [Sampler](https://github.com/gaelcolas/Sampler) add this
  module to required modules, and then in the `build.yaml` add the following.
  ```yaml
  ModuleBuildTasks:
    DscResource.DocGenerator:
      - 'Task.*'
  ```

### Fixed

- Fix the description in the README.md.

## [0.2.0] - 2020-02-06

### Added

- New-DscResourcePowerShellHelp
  - Add new parameter `DestinationModulePath` to be able to set the path
    to a built module (for example) ([issue #9](https://github.com/dsccommunity/DscResource.DocGenerator/issues/9)).

### Fixes

- New-DscResourcePowerShellHelp
  - Fixed comment-based help for the parameter `OutputPath` ([issue #8](https://github.com/dsccommunity/DscResource.DocGenerator/issues/8)).

## [0.1.1] - 2020-02-02

### Added

- Add cmdlet `New-DscResourcePowerShellHelp` to generate conceptual help
  for DSC resources. *This was moved from repo PowerShell/DscResource.Tests.*

### Fixed

- Fixed unit tests to work cross platform.
- Fix status badges in README.md.
- Fix the description in the README.md.
